README.md, before:

## Dependencies

You will need to install [biopython](https://biopython.org) from the linked site and [alive-progress](https://github.com/rsalmei/alive-progress) or by using pip:

> \>pip install biopython

> \> pip install alive-progress

Along with biopython, you will need to ensure that `AminoAcids.json` and `Nucleobases.json` is in the same directory with the main script.

If you want, you can delete the alive_progress wrapper and remove an indent level from everything within to avoid the need for the progress dependency. I just like it.
# USAGE

Supported files are the standard fasta file format:
> .fasta, .fna, .fnn, .faa, .frn ,.fa


This program uses `Bio.SeqIO` to parse the files and obtain the following information:

**PCount** - The total Phosphorous count of the sequence. Obtained by taking the total sequence length. (Only for DNA/RNA) It assumes 1 phosphate to 1 base, hence the length.

**NCount** - The Nitrogen content taken by multiplying the Amino Acid count (or the Nucleobases) by the values listed in `AminoAcids.json` or `Nucleobases.json`. More information on the json file structure can be found on my [AACount repository](https://github.com/Chonkway/AACount) page.

**CCOunt** A rough count of the Carbon in the sequence pre-translation. It calculates this by taking the total # of each base, multiplying it by 6 (for the backbone ring + methyl group) and adding the native carbons of each base pair.

*NOTE* : The generated logfiles follow a standardized naming format, and the program will not overwrite them. For example, if you have `filename` set to `example.fasta` and you generate `dna_results_example.fasta`, running `example.fasta` through the DNA option again will return an error. You must manually delete/relocate logfiles generated from previous instances.

Commit message:

Significantly Changed Main
- Created separate functions to handle each sequence type
-Changed input method from individual files in the root directory to batch handling in subdirectories inside the project. See README for more info.
-Currently Translate_RNA is disabled, though the function is in the script.

README.md, after:

## Dependencies

You will need to install [biopython](https://biopython.org) from the linked site and [alive-progress](https://github.com/rsalmei/alive-progress) or by using pip:

> \>pip install biopython

> \> pip install alive-progress

Along with biopython, you will need to ensure that `AminoAcids.json` and `Nucleobases.json` is in the same directory with the main script.

If you want, you can delete the alive_progress wrapper and remove an indent level from everything within to avoid the need for the progress dependency. I just like it.
# USAGE

Supported files are the standard fasta file format:
> .fasta, .fna, .fnn, .faa, .frn ,.fa

This program supports batch-file handling, although you will need to create folders that separate each fasta sequence type. 
> As an example, if you had 150 AminoAcid FASTA files you could create a folder `AA` inside the project directory and point to it for the AA option.



This program uses `Bio.SeqIO` to parse the files and obtain the following information:

**PCount** - The total Phosphorous count of the sequence. Obtained by taking the total sequence length. (Only for DNA/RNA) It assumes 1 phosphate to 1 base, hence the length.

**NCount** - The Nitrogen content taken by multiplying the Amino Acid count (or the Nucleobases) by the values listed in `AminoAcids.json` or `Nucleobases.json`. More information on the json file structure can be found on my [AACount repository](https://github.com/Chonkway/AACount) page.

**CCOunt** A rough count of the Carbon in the sequence pre-translation. It calculates this by taking the total # of each base, multiplying it by 6 (for the backbone ring + methyl group) and adding the native carbons of each base pair.

*NOTE* : The generated logfiles follow a standardized naming format, and the program will not overwrite them. For example, if you have `filename` set to `example.fasta` and you generate `dna_results_example.fasta`, running `example.fasta` through the DNA option again will return an error. You must manually delete/relocate logfiles generated from previous instances.
